What if we tried to do that ASAP analysis and visualization on the original data set?
Do you recall what that data set looked like?
Since we made a copy of the original data set way back here,
we can easily access the original one,
simply df rather than df_clean,
and perform the same analysis and visualization
we did down here on the original data set.
Let's do that. And we want to change all of these df_cleans just to df.
And the results are drastically different.
The proportion of urgent job postings is below 50% here,
a full 20% lower than our more accurate value post wrangling.
This viz makes it abundantly clear.
The before, 71% massive amount of blue.
The after, 49% and less than half ASAP.
The power of data wrangling is obvious here.